Miss Jiang's design is simply ingenious
unique
It's absolutely breathtaking.
If you bring his finished product to the market
It will be hot
Pardon me?
Jiang Zijian's design
Compare our designs to the dead
Can't you see?
You know, it took us three months.
And Miss Jiang
It only took a few minutes
We don't even deserve to carry his shoes.
And I proposed to take it and turn it into a finished product and put it on the market.
I also propose
I agree. I agree.
You you
you
Miss Jiang is indeed a talented designer.
One swipe at a time is an afterthought
Director Jiang, everyone says he is good
You're the only one who called him trash.
It means that your aesthetic is not online at all.
What qualifications do you have to be the director of the clothing department?
I'm not qualified
You said it doesn't count.
I really have this qualification
You said it just now
My on-site creative ability far exceeds your words
This director position is for me
When did I say that?
Stop talking nonsense
Playing tricks in front of so many people?
You Director Jiang, you did say
I heard it too.
Since Director Jiang's skills are inferior to others
Just give up your seat
I believe that under the agency of the new director
The performance of the clothing department of Story Group
You will definitely soar